elixir - general, solution, two-fer remarks (#1344)
exercism/website-copy: automated-comments/elixir/two-fer/use_guards.md

<!--
This error is raised when the solution doesn't use guards
-->

Use [guards][1] to prevent `two_fer/1` from executing code with with
non-binary inputs.

- Remember, [strings][2] are considered [binary data][2]

> 

Reviewer: I'd like to see an example about how to use guards.

Author: added

<!--
This error is raised when the solution doesn't use guards
-->

> Use [guards](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/master/guards.html) to prevent `two_fer/1` from executing code with with

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
Use [guards](https://hexdocs.pm/elixir/master/guards.html) to prevent `two_fer/1` from executing code with
```

non-binary inputs.

> Remember, [strings](https://elixir-lang.org/getting-started/binaries-strings-and-char-lists.html) are considered to be [binary data](https://elixir-lang.org/getting-started/binaries-strings-and-char-lists.html) in elixir.

```elixir
# Consider this function with a guard:
def hello(what) when is_binary(what) do
  "Hello, #{what}!"
end
```

> > Now in `iex` we can test this guard

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> Now in `iex` this guard can be tested
```
